.TH STUBBY "1" "2015" "" ""


.SH "NAME"
stubby \- a small web server for stubbing external systems during development.

.SH SYNOPSIS

.B stubby
[
.B \-w
|
.B \-\-watch
]
[
.B \-d
|
.B \-\-data
.I file
]
.br
       [
.B \-v
|
.B \-\-version
]
.br
       [
.B \-h
|
.B \-\-help
]

.SH DESCRIPTION
stubby can be invoved either programmatically or through the command line.
Each invocation starts a new instance, given that the supplied port numbers do not overlap.
Three servers are set up: One for reacting to and supplied the configured request and response, respectively.
A second one identical to the first except that it operates over https.
And finally, a third "admin" portal that allows viewing configured data and changing it through RESTful api calls.

.SH OPTIONS
\-a, \-\-admin <port>         Port for admin portal. Defaults to 8889.

\-c, \-\-cert <file>          Certificate file. Use with \-\-key.

\-d, \-\-data <file>          Data file to pre-load endpoints. YAML or JSON format.

\-h, \-\-help                 This help text.

\-k, \-\-key <file>           Private key file. Use with \-\-cert.

\-l, \-\-location <hostname>  Hostname at which to bind stubby.

\-m, \-\-mute                 Prevent stubby from printing to the console.

\-p, \-\-pfx <file>           PFX file. Ignored if used with \-\-key/\-\-cert.

\-s, \-\-stubs <port>         Port for stubs portal. Defaults to 8882.

\-t, \-\-tls <port>           Port for https stubs portal. Defaults to 7443.

\-v, \-\-version              Prints stubby's version number.

\-w, \-\-watch                Auto-reload data file when edits are made.

.SH RESOURCES AND DOCUMENTATION
github:  http://github.com/mrak/stubby4node
